Show installing Foreman Server for all builds (#4188)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-project-server-with-an-http-proxy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="configuring-{project-context}-server-with-an-http-proxy"]

> = Configuring {ProjectServer} with an HTTP proxy

Author: Applied.

> Use the following procedures to configure {ProjectServer} with an HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: Avoid self-referential content. Instead we could say where the HTTP proxy is located - internet-ProjectServer or ProjectServer-hosts?

For example:
```suggestion
Configure {ProjectServer} with an HTTP proxy if you need your hosts to access {ProjectServer} through the HTTP proxy.
```

Author: This wording came from the original assembly. I reworded it slightly, though it still feels a bit awkward to me.
